If you want to save blood, you will feed on your experience.
Get the recipe for making earth mines
Collect them all and hand them over, otherwise you will die.
Let me go, my economic sister
Your counterpart doesn’t even know how you can save him
If I rescue her, not only will I not be able to save her, I will harm her.
You are my only relative and I can't live with her
Ask me the other side is coming out I know I'm left with a relationship
But I let it go once
Even though the water was hitting me,
You haven't seen anyone explaining it yet?
I can't explain it
I didn't cooperate either
Is that what you plan to do?
You really want to show your face the way you want
Did you give it to them?
That's what you helped us with
Do you believe me? Believe you?
command me around you
You passed this time
Your child will come back
It can't be that Tong is missing
And you said you don’t care about this bitch, right? Jianxia
This woman is so sick
His boy kung fu
except our brothers
Then it would be better to leave in Ichiban
Guarantee his heart to our brothers
Someone to enjoy, yeah, except you
let us brothers
Be happy and happy
Ha ha ha ha
I feel happy